Add new staging module - `constants` (#135896)
kubernetes/kubernetes: staging/src/k8s.io/constants/README.md

# constants

This module contains well-known constants used throughout Kubernetes.

It has zero dependencies, making it suitable for external consumers who need
Kubernetes constants without pulling in larger modules like `k8s.io/apimachinery`
or `k8s.io/api`.

## Packages

> - `rfc/` — length constants for Kubernetes name-like fields (historically named after DNS 1123/1035)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `formats/` — constants for string field formats used in the Kubernetes API such as the name-like fields (historically named after DNS 1123/1035)
```

?

I'm not entirely convinced that moving just the length limits of the string formats results in a clean layering of modules.  Providing the format lengths but not the regex feels piecemeal. But I also realize that if we also move the regex's that we add the regex dependency we're trying to avoid..

Reviewer 2: regex would be OK in its own *package* IMHO, because stdlib deps don't affect the dependency graph unless we're talking about language level (the go statement and new stdlib features etc)

It should be avoided in common *packages* though because a binary may not otherwise use regex and can avoid compiling it.

Reviewer 3: Most of validation is not implemented via regex, so publishing regexes would  just be a recipe for drift.  They are incomprehensible in practice.
